*Introduction:
    Token based authentication is prominent everywhere on the web nowadays.
    With most every web company using an API, tokens are the best way to handle 
    authentication for multiple users.

**There are some very important factors when choosing token based authentication for your application.
    The main reasons for tokens are:
        -Stateless and scalable servers
        -Mobile application ready
        -Pass authentication to other applications
        -Extra security 

    Any major API or web application that you've come across has most likely used tokens. 
    Applications like Facebook, Twitter, Google+, GitHub, and so many more use tokens.

***The Problems with Server Based Authentication:

    Sessions: 
        Every time a user is authenticated, the server will need to create a record somewhere on our server. 
        This is usually done in memory and when there are many users authenticating, 
        the overhead on your server increases.

    Scalability: 
        Since sessions are stored in memory, this provides problems with scalability. 
        As our cloud providers start replicating servers to handle application load, 
        having vital information in session memory will limit our ability to scale.

    CORS: 
        As we want to expand our application to let our data be used across multiple mobile devices, 
        we have to worry about cross-origin resource sharing (CORS). When using AJAX calls to grab 
        resources from another domain (mobile to our API server), 
        we could run into problems with forbidden requests.

    CSRF: 
        We will also have protection against cross-site request forgery (CSRF). 
        Users are susceptible to CSRF attacks since they can already be authenticated 
        with say a banking site and this could be taken advantage of when visiting other sites.

****How Token Based Works:
    Token based authentication is stateless. We are not storing any information about our user on the server 
    or in a session.

----------------------Notes about the code --------------------


    express: is the popular Node framework
    mongoose: is how we interact with our MongoDB database
    morgan: will log requests to the console so we can see what is happening
    body-parser: will let us get parameters from our POST requests
    jsonwebtoken: is how we create and verify our JSON Web Tokens
